I am in Midtown today discuss I was a
meeting just got done with coffee and
blacktopping I'm hungry
time for a sweet green adventure here's
beautiful Madison Square Park people are
out and about today it's only like 65
degrees middle of June
things are hectic
this is my favorite my favorite coming
up
we got the Empire State got this
beautiful church
the financial district with a flatiron
testing at sweet green this is a lion
it's out out of the freaking door
[Music]
we're going to move on
click it up pretty this
[Music]
I'm going to another big region so big
why is a folder better
amen
[Music]
are you guys doing today
ja wohl I'm a bit back me on new
apartment need a lot of new stuff the
main thing is curtains to cover my drag
antic window and tells me stuff oh my
I did that bus and beyond
check still a few errands of things that
I need to get but honestly the only
thing I need to be doing right now is
organizing this and also this curtain
thing for these windows
they're so massive I don't know the
solution a lot of curtains are hideous
like really really ugly I want you to
find these one solid panel that I could
press a button and it could just like
come down or go up with a push that but
of a button
honestly that probably exists but it's
probably like 1 million dollars I don't
know if you can see it but this chair is
spray painted on chemi hand does this
chair from you is one of my first
YouTube club I'll leave it here anyways
I promised you guys two things and
yesterday's vlog who are the helpful in
white whiners helpful wines and
networking york a party that i throw
with a lot of cool people involved
number two is where my thoughts on
apple's WWDC
so here is humble and why winners
remember adulation WWDC is Apple world
wide Worldwide Developers Conference
action target is believable with Apple
stuff let me just highlight something
that stood up me the Apple website how
they're showing all these beautiful
process first thing that stood up to me
no more Helvetica knew that would be fun
that they used for everything the past
year they actually develop their own
font in house in California called San
Francisco quite fitting right so this is
the font that literacy entire website
the check out the website ship floats so
nicely it loads but it's actually very
interactive the way the beautiful
pictures on keep moving but then the
text will scroll over it it gets to a
point to tell you that information you
need to know it's just pretty look at
aesthetic aesthetic I really think
they're post WWDC website showing up all
these products kind of gold gold cool so
let's get into it
top five things from wwz my top pilot is
the beautiful matte black eye Mac Pro
not as macro not MacBook Pro but this is
an iMac on a pro level available to
order in December the price point starts
at for $9.99 and you can get it all the
way up to 10k if you match this thing
out firmly computers have a 1g Ethernet
or imacros obscure that we're going to
put a 10g ethernet port in there you can
share all the files up to an 18 cores
beyond processor you get 11 teraflop up
to 22 teraflops half precision honestly
I have no IDE
what the heck frickin Carol's loss was
but I did do a little anchor segment
about it so put that at the end of the
video if you're interested - what a
teraflop is just know if you got
teraflops you got power 5k Retina
Display 27-inch screen up to 128 gigs of
memory holy crap I got 16 games a month
in my computer right now
Radeon Pro Vega graphics cards and up to
4 terabytes of storage SSD that is a
beast of a computer but if you want it
all maxed out it's going to be like a 9
10k computer so a lot of you guys ask
Sara should you get an iMac propose to a
messed up QP no come again I want a lot
of power for a very cheap price point of
course I macro I would rule over money
right now it's going to be a board this
machine though and also you're like why
don't you just switch the final cut that
turns your 4k on Mac I'm a loyal adobe
premiere user I have to use that
software so you know so to me the eye
Mac Pro was the number one thing that
stood out I think it's going to be a
killer machine and if you got the job
spend it number two is the MacBook Pro
they updated these Mac books with touch
bar still no SD card I think we're ever
going to get the SD card slot back that
is honestly something that kills me on
the inside
I don't want to commit to that Dom boy
but now that with this series of massive
approach they updated the processor to a
KB Lakes processor give you a little bit
more of that processing power and now
the SSDs any mac books are 50% faster
the graphics are faster on this machine
they start at $12.99
you go up to 23 899 and Fiona if you
want to load up the SMC store and make
your memories this is exciting for me to
hear because I was waiting agreed on
that book but with this announcement I
think I will be updating my macbook very
very soon you know that the MacBook will
come before the PC but regardless I'm
yearning for more computer power if you
have a new MacBook
right now I'm sure you use the touch bar
it seems useless for me now how much do
you miss the SD card slot are you about
my dama Lex become part of the top edge
there are through violence is air pods
they did not talk about this at WWDC but
it is a very important update I live and
breathe in my air pawn right now the
only function you have is to double tap
either gear and activate the series you
can change that to pause play but that's
your only option but now what software
update you can program easier to do
something different so I can program
this year when I double tap to activate
Siri and this year when I double tap to
skip the song or up the volumes yes I've
been waiting for that huge updated
software on the iPad I was just having a
discussion with my father right before
this WWDC has helped pointless iPods are
why would I ever owned an iPad this
update is making I have more and more
like a computer they have a very clutch
new app called style it's basically a
way to save and preview files just like
on your Mac which is amazing it's going
to make organizing things on your iPad
much more effective sharing creating all
those things yes they're getting a
little bit more powerful with updates
but this software change is so much it's
not only do you get that file up but
also iPad they're becoming more like
computers every single day and they give
you a dog as well like little mac dog
I'm one of your iPhone one more thing to
mention about software is an iOS you can
now pay people like vindow or PayPal
within messages so I all find 10 bucks
for lunch
within messages I can send them and
dollars and that's that it goes straight
to your Apple card or whatever and you
can use that for whatever but you can
also transfer it straight to your name
last but certainly not least
every company is doing right now and
it's depositing Apple released a lot
which they're pushing as a speaker
rather than a virtual Asteria is going
to be on there you can talk to her all
the time
but they're really pushing sound quality
and how it interacts with Apple music
something I've been wanting to talk
about a lot is Apple music I'm a Spotify
user personally but the social features
that they added Apple music this time
around
gets me internet if you share playlists
with friends you can throw music in a
queue if you're listening it to it on
the home pot I love that I can follow
people when people can follow me on
Spotify and I can see what I'm listening
to
so once the social features hit Apple
music I'm curious I might I might switch
over we shall see do you use out the
music to use Spotify which one there's
obviously so much more we can talk about
it but we need sitting right here all
day I could talk about it forever thank
you so much for tuning in today let me
know your thoughts on all the Apple
stuff that has come up I'm going to go
this way that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
week every single week new videos every
single week baby Shh okay bye
I know you are sitting there watching
WWDC same as me what the heck is a
teraflop Sarah what is a teraflop I
don't know I don't know so I had to I
had to look it up so basically in the
context of them announcing the new iMac
Pro that looks so gorgeous and powerful
you know and it sucked pretty matte
black like who doesn't want that but
they said it goes up to eleven teraflops
eleven teraflops okay or or wait for it
up to twenty-two teraflops with half
precision whatever whatever that means
so I had to look it up
what is a teraflop so apparently it's
just a very general way to quantify
computing power so I looked up flop like
what is it what does a flop mean so the
definition of a flop is floating-point
operations per second so a
floating-point is a number with a
decimal point so it's not as simple as
an integer but it's literally just
number with a decimal point so a number
of those a computer can do by second is
a way computer scientists can measure
computing power so let me say that again
so a number of flops a computer can do
by second is a way computer scientist
can measure computing power okay
so that's kind of like super general so
that means a teraflop is 1 trillion
flops so that means you know 1 teraflop
times 11 is 11 trillion flops which it's
just basically saying wow you've got
flops you got power am I right or am i
right for a little bit of context a very
popular GPU that is in a lot of
computers as the no I've never known
actually how to say this coming is it
Nvidia
nidia that it's in V ID IA i see it all
the time but I never know how to say it
but the NIV gia GTX 1080 is 8.9
teraflops for some context anyways
teraflops
you